# Wireless 1 Source, Random Sinks

## Description
We have simulated a wireless topology where only one source node generates packets and sends them to random sink nodes.

### `Wireless MAC Type`
802.11
### `Routing Protocol`
DSDV
### `Agent Type`
UDP
### `Application Type`
Exponential

## Usages of the files
### `wireless-random.tcl`
This file contains the simulation script. It is used to run the simulation. It can be run using the following command:
```bash
    ns wireless-random.tcl <area-length> <area-width> <number_of_nodes> <number_of_flows>
```

### `parse.awk`
This file is used to parse the throughput, average delay, delivery ratio and drop ratio of the simulation. It can be run using the following command:
```bash
    awk -f parse.awk trace.tr
```
`Note:` The `trace.tr` file is generated by the simulation script.

### `run.sh`
In order to generate the graphs for the simulation, we have to run the simulation script, parse the output and generate the graphs. This can be done by running the `run.sh` file. It can be run using the following command:
```bash
    ./run.sh
```
The graphs are generated in the `graphs` folder.

`Note1:` Before running the bash script, open the `parse.awk` file and remove the `print` statements at the end. Then withdraw the last comment of last line. This is a comma separated formatted version of the output that is processed by the python script.

`Note2:` `graphGenerator.py` has been written lazily to only generate graphs while running the bash script. So, running it separately will only work if a `results.out` file has already been generated by `run.sh` once.